# CS-370-Current-And-Emerging-Trends

### Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
For the final project, I worked on implementing part of a Q-Learning algorithm to train a 'Pirate' agent to find a path through a small maze to get to the 'Treasure' (finish line). I was tasked with creating the main epoch loop, which is what the agent is trained on over a thousand iterations. I was given the code that creates and displays the 8x8 maze, I was given the list of possible moves, the code that checks for a win / loss, and the print statements to display what the neural network is doing / it's current progress. I created the Q-Training Algorithm code block, which involved looping through each epoch, and making the Pirate agent decide on wether to use exploration or exploitation actions. I had to interact with the given functions to pick a random action, store the environment and results to the agent's experiences, and then train the model based on the results of their action.

### Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
Throughout this course, we learned a lot about neural networks and how they are trained and used. We learned about the different technical terms and variables used when handling a neural network, as well as how they function internally. This connects to the field of computer science as a whole, since neural networks are just one of many uses that a computer can have, and computer scientists are always looking for new ways to interact with computers, usually to provide some sort of benefit to its user. Neural networks have a lot of potential use cases in today's world and, with the recent uprising of AI tools that can write stories or generate images (and even videos now), we will be seeing a lot more innovation to come in the future. All of this stems from computer scientists wanting to explore and innovate what can be done with a computer, and it has led to tons of new fields of technology being created.

### What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
Computer scientists tinker with computers or code in order to develop easier ways to achieve real life goals, or to automate various processes, or to discover new behaviors such as neural networks and AI. Computer scientists handle physical things such as computer chips and components, as well as digital things such as software and code. All of this matters because it is able to push the boundaries of what is possible in our world, and make our lives easier and more convenient by having computers off-load some of the work.

### How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
As a computer scientists, depending on the scale of the problem, I like to break it down into smaller, more achievable tasks. Instead of looking at a large problem as one big thing, I would try to break it into smaller sub-problems, that can each be solved on their own. Each of these sub-problems can also be broken down, and this repeats until eventually something actionable can happen. This process also serves as a way to think about all the project's requirements, while also leaving me with the perfect place to start working on it.

### What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
There are a few ethical responsibilities a computer scientist would have to the end user and the organization, such as ensuring their privacy and protection, making sure content they are using isn't stolen or taken without permission, as well as making sure users from all different backgrounds are able to have an enjoyable experience using an application.
